yeah dolphins have like a really heavy
poke calm but they don't really have any
way of disengaging whereas roccat you
see they have like a heavy po comp but
they actually have a way of disengaging
so I'm gonna have to go roccat Steen
companies yeah I think because it was
perceived that actually now we're
stronger but now a lot of people think a
radio actually is a lot stronger once he
hit that 612 you get that all T going
you can kind of outdueled nah yeah it's
a big deal getting level 6 and
especially just if you get this small
lead once you have your trendy force you
become so strong and earlier let's see
what happens here they're going for him
well he flashed just at the right bar
but just as that pounds came in from
lasagna and it's only back around you
can see he's gonna get the help with
yankles the man that gets all the first
buds will they get it this time away you
can see he's gonna continue chasing his
top laners not followed him there's only
a very low on this one now this is gonna
get both stood up as well young cos
taking him down no one get first but
once again they get it to 40 and rocket
in the league I don't see what answers
dolphins are gonna have especially with
Pam can fall behind work is still level
for right now struggling with his buff I
love my team knows if Jace is coming in
Connor jungling the more is there a
while coming in oh god he's so low
already just up for that one shot
yankles could give us up an easy
they're as he comes around they're gonna
get the red buff as well taking
absolutely everything they want he's a
full level if not level and a half
behind and rocket is just in complete
control of this game they can't even
cross the river right now and they're
attempting dragon is interested I
remember all will even bezels get in
trouble here he's not gonna get out of
this one over power flashes gets the
kill nice be done easy stuff hey get the
lead you make sure you have the shin you
gotta take these easy easy super fast
trades where you going you land to stun
and then get a 1 a few hits with her the
true dams and you just back away goes
everything Paul he's gonna get hammered
and Rio gets himself his first kill of
the game at the same time rocket was
taking down a kill on top they did
dragon the Dolphins try to snipe it with
Izzy rifampin combo just realized they
couldn't do it and yeah they're grasping
at straws right now they're just falling
and crumbling and I wonder what lasagna
can do at this point if they made an
incorrect decision they were arguing
about that decision in game whereas in
career it's like well the decision was
wrong it didn't work out move on and it
was like that was what he was like I
speak English but holy cow you can speak
the hood yes har didn't get a lot of
clutter look at this to rock jacket show
off for the Ganga top well
is he gonna catch him out yankel takes
our damage he could just rappel away
from this one over and over the air job
and all this actually may feed him
another killer lasagna is gonna come in
for it over pants is it you can kill him
yeah a chalky well you can see over if I
was gonna take the tower hits there's
the cocoon coming in the spider comes in
repel just in time oh it's gonna be
careful will you take a hit doesn't
matter get when you got the likes of
Alliance coming in now of course Rio
only a tenth mid laner talks of new book
and all sorts going into that mid lane
nothing's been announced officially yet
so we'll find out looks like over
powerboat wants a little bit more blood
right now he comes around no wait master
ok now that those ideas in trouble he
gets caught out quick double kill for
over pal and this dude top rate it
seemed to be working out well from he's
got six kills already it's gonna back
away right think they're gonna turn this
nikka Rio is coming in at the side quick
bobble catches on towards it there's no
sharp lash straight up towards him we'll
light flashes for it doesn't quite get
it down hard there's gonna be Rio
flashes through says I want to be
involved in some of this and now they
call defenders they have to pack away
yeah one by one dolphins all volunteers
tribute as they stand before a full
rocket team didn't they teleport in just
have to jump out Amelie hot bitch
speeders nothing akin to it's 10-0
really big old lead and rockets playing
really crisp both in terms of clay
vision control and whilst official
finally seeing that socialist shoes on
at least that you can talk about so much
yes I'm very happy to see Annalise not
going for mobility boots or straight-up
building full tank here you want to get
this early magical in iteration mystical
you mix you become so strong and Mo Kio
straight away
I was going to get hammered and now is
going to see the path your drop is it
enough for you could he go down he is
taking all the koreans a career but
they're gonna pay the price i feel here
as the yankles comes in others words his
seventh kill hashtag orphan hottie fake
no they just caught causing this game up
radek clean and I practice looking for a
Hail Mary well I mean he's gonna go for
it going here sure if his team's gonna
be alive my time he gets there does jump
it actually did it turn thy ways went
dead anyway there's a second there's a
third can it be a fourth they go in can
they get a square Tom's the one that
gets away but over pal right now for
that I don't know that there's I think
there's applications out they may hurt
some people retire de got you all for
the job executing acadia communicated if
you don't mind uh well that's gonna be a
simple kill right there that's gonna be
the top laner module going down looks
like it's gonna be a couple more as over
power comes on lasagna once again taking
the rocket from what I and there's
another for overpower 1104 the towers
going down the rolling slow lane and
this will be indie game number one for
rock got done in very quick style 22
minutes gone in this best of three and
no doubt about it it is rock out that
are clear clear favorites right now and
take a little extreme asses milk pails
on Tommy what a great support well let
me be built it yep so in this game here
rugged get comfort
every single roll